Kidney points 

sore throat, constipation, coma, seizure, loss of voice, urinary difficulty | | *KID-3<br>Tai-xi | Between the medial malleolus of the tibia and the calcaneal tuber, dorsal to the tarsal sheath | Shu-stream point (Earth), Yuan primary point. Abnormal cycling, dysuria, renal failure, diabetes, infertility, lack of libido, heaves, sore throat, toothache, back pain, ear problems | | #KID-4<br>Da-zhong | 0.5 cun plantarodistal to KID-3 on the medial border of the calcaneus | Luo-connecting point with BL Meridian. Urinary incontinence, renal failure, heaves, hock pain | | #KID-5<br>Shui-quan | 1 cun distal to KID-3, plantar to the distal end of the tibia | Xi-cleft point. Irregular cycling, anestrus, silent heat, dysuria | | #KID-6<br>Zhao-hai | In a depression plantarodistal to the lower border of the medial malleolus | Confluent point with Yin-qiao Extraordinary Channel. Dysuria, constipation, seizure, abnormal cycling, insomnia. Studies indicate stimulation at KID-6 can significantly benefit urination | | #KID-7<br>Fu-liu | 2 cun directly proximal to KID-3, on the cranial border of the calcanean tendon | Jing-river (Metal-mother). Anhidrosis, diarrhea, edema, abdominal fullness, hindlimb paralysis | | #KID-8<br>Jiao-xin | 2 cun proximal to KID-3, caudal to the tibia | Xi-cleft point for Yin-qiao Extraordinary Channel. Irregular cycling, hernia, constipation, diarrhea | | #KID-9<br>Zhu-bin | Cranial to the calcanean tendon, 5 cun dorsal to KID-3, in the medial head of the flexor digitorum profundus m. | Xi-cleft point for Yin-Wei Extraordinary Channel. Hyperactivity, vomiting, hindlimb lameness | | #KID-10<br>Yin-gu | On the medial side of the popliteal fossa, between the semitendinosus and the gracilis mm. | He-sea point (Water). Lack of libido, hernia, dysuria, stifle pain | | *KID-27<br>Shu-fu | At the level of the manubrium, 2 cun lateral to the midline, between the sternum and the first rib | Association point of all Association points. Cough, heaves, chest pain, vomiting |